EDIT README (#6)
icns-distributed-cloud/WATCH-emr-and-gases-detection: README.md

# WATCH-emr-and-gases-detection

## Introduction

> ### WATCH-emr-and-gases-detection project includes several function added on smart_watch. First, it can detect electric wires by hall_sensor. And also can chect oxygen consentration around smart_watch by o2_sensor. So the following project offers code work of function above.

Reviewer: I think plain texts are better for this section. Could you delete "###" and recommit it?
I modified the introduction texts as following suggestion.
```suggestion
WATCH-emr-and-gases-detection project researches and develops a smartwatch for workers' safety. The smartwatch can detect electric wires in the wall by using hall_sensor. And also, it can check oxygen concentration around the smartwatch by using o2_sensor. This repository mainly provides source code for the functions above.
```
